I am Kim Young-hee, working as a assistant at
Eminent Hospice for the past 6 months.
My husband, who was usually sick, was discharged on
April 15th.
I was able to stay at the hospital bed, wheelchair,
walker, oxygen heater, and
other equipment provided by Eminent Hospice for the
past 1 month and 1 month.
I was able to stay at the hospital bed safely and
comfortably without panic.
I was also able to take the doctor who helped me at
the hospice
a few days ago to the hospital bed.
After a few days after he passed away, I began to
work from April 21.
I worked as a nurse at Seoul National Hospital for
20 years.
I worked as a nurse at a hospital bed to help my
baby father.
Thanks to that, I am now working as a nurse at the
hospital bed.
I am now helping those who need a hair cut or a foot
massage.
I have been working for the first time since I was
born.
I was 98 years old. I cried a lot for a long time.
Before I went back to the hospital bed, I had to
change my diaper in the evening.
My father was smiling at me with a wrong mouth.
That night, my father was smiling at me like a
child.
I thought that I should go and hug him.
My heart ached a lot. He loved me.
My mother is a Parkinson's patient, but she has a
lot of doubts.
She was very scared of people she had never seen
before.
She is very close to me now.
I was also scared at first.
She said she had never seen me before.
She is a patient who can't move because her muscles
are paralyzed.
She can't chew and swallow well.
She can't express well because she can't speak well.
But she is very close to me now.
She sometimes gets depressed, but she is very happy
to communicate with me.
When patients who are having a hard time because of
dementia, they also sympathize
with their emotional state and say thank you when
they get used to it.
It's very annoying. Therefore, I think it's most
rewarding when patients feel comforted and feel at ease
I think most people don't know much about hospice
like my husband or my father.
I think most people don't know much about hospice.
I think there are many people who need help from my
experience.
Please contact Eminot Hospice right now and receive
help.
I'm trying to give as much help as possible to those
who need time
and health to those who need it.
Thank you.